Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 04/25/2013 4:20:04 PM U.S. Department of Justice Washington, DC 20530 OMB NO. 1124-0005; F.xpires February 28,2014 Short Form Registration Statement Pursuant to the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended INSTRUCTIONS. Uach partner, officer, director, associate, employee, and agent ofa registrant is required to file a short form registration statement unless he engages in no activities in furtherance ofthe interests ofthe registrant's foreign principal or unless the services he renders to the registrant arcin a secretarial, clerical, or in u related or similar capacity Compliance is accomplished by filing an electronic short form registration statement at hllp;//\iAvw ,fiirit.jss _-Privacy Act Statement The tiling of this document is required for the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended, 22 U.S.C..§ 611 etseq.. for the purposes of registration under Ihe Act and public disclosure. Provision ofthe information requested is mandatory, and failure to provide the information is subject to the penalty and enforcement provisions established in Section 8 ofthe Act. livery registration statement, short form registration statement, supplemental statement, exhibit, amendment, copy of informational materials or other, document or information filed with the Attorney General under this Act is a public record open to public examination, inspection and copying during the posted business hours ofthe Registration Unit in Washington, DC. Statements are also available online al the Registration Unit's webpagc: hJlp.:/V _»w,fsirajj_v. One copy of every such document, other than informational materials, is automatically provided to the Secretary of State pursuant to Section 6(b) ofthe Act, and copies of any and all documents are routinely made available to other agencies, departments and Congress pursuant to Section 6(c) ofthe Act. The Attorney General also transmits a semi-annual report to Congress on the administration ofthe Act which lists the names of all agents registered under the Act and the foreign principals they represent. This report is available to the public and online at: http://www.fara.gov. Public Reporting Burden. Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average .429 hours per response, including the time for reviewing instructions, searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the data needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this collection of information, including suggestions for reducing this burden to Chief. Registration Unit Counterespionage Seciion. National Security Division. U.S. Department of Justice, Washington, DC 20530: and to the Office of Information and Regulator)' Affairs. Office of Management and Budget. Washington, DC 20503. 1. Name AmandaMills 2. Registration No, 1-48.1. 3.; Residence AfJdress(es) 92927th Avenue; Astoria, NY 11102 4. Business Address(es) 301 East 57thStreet New York; NY 10022 5/^YeanofBirth 1987 Nationality USA Present Citizenship USA 6. If present citizenship was not acquired toy^birtli, indicate when, and'how acquired. ' 7. Occupation PUBLIC RELTIONS 8v What is the riarrieand addressdf the primary registrant? 301 EAST 57TW STREET Name brihtonkiMmr Address NEW YORK; NY 10022 RUDER FINN INC 9. Indicate your connection with the primary registrant: P partner Q director Ł officer Ł associate C3 other (specify) r|x) employee D agent D consultant Ł subcontractor Ł 10. List every foreign principal to whom you will render services in support of the primary registrant. Turkish Cultural &tourism Office 11, Describe separately and in detail all services which you will render jto the foreign principai(s) listed in Item 1() either directly, or through theprimary registrant listed in; Item 8,and the date(s) ofsuch services. (If space is insufficient, a full insert page must be used) Public Relations, event management, media contact, writing press releases. Formerly CRM-156 FORMNSD-6 Revised 03/11 Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 04/25/2013 4:20:04 PM Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 04/25/2013 4:20:04 PM >12.;,:Do any pfthelabovcdescribed services include politic yY;es Q? ^oS rfyesydescr|ibe^er^rately;ancl in detail such j»jiticaia<;twityv. TJ.^Thescwicesdescjribe^ ŁŁ-,.ŁŁŁ i_3 'fulljtirne basis : Q partlimejrjasis Q special basis f 4^; Whatcdmpehsatioh or thing of value have you received todate briwill youreceive !T6rthe above services? D Salary: Amount S Per_ E3 Cotnrnissidmat' %vfj_ vE3 Salary: Not based solely 6n-ervicesrende ;ŁŁ Fee: Amounts ;Ł ^herthing^bfyalue T5.V During ttifcpenod beginning Ł makJe any contributions of money or other things of;^ Ł connection with any election to political office or in connection with any primary election, convention, or caucus held to select candidates for any political Office? YesD NoS Ifyes, furnish the following information: Date- Amount or Thing of Value Political OrgariizatibnORGahdidate Location of Event EXECUTION In accordance with28 U.S.C. § 1746,the undersigned swearsfbraffirms under pehaitylotiperjury that he/she has read the information set forth in this registration statement and that he/she isfamiiiar with the contentsithereof and that sue their entirety true and accurate to the best of his/her knowledge and belief. March 07,2013 /s/Erica Coheri eSighed (Date, of signal tire): (Signature) Ł Footnote: Political activity!- defined.in Section l(o) ofthe Act means any activity which the.person -'engagingin believes will, or'that'the person intends to, in any way influence any agency or official of the .Government ofthe United States or any section ofthe public within the UnitedSlateswiuS reference to formulating, adopting; or changing the domestic or foreign policies ofthe United Slates or with reference to the.political or public interests, policies, or relations ofa government of a foreign country ora foreign political party. . Ł Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 04/25/2013 4:20:04 PM 