Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 02/08/2013 6:11:53 PM .U.S. Department of Justice Washington, DC 20530 OMB NO. 1124-0005; Expires februaiy 28; 2014 Shtirf F(pnti Registration Statement Pursuantfjjto the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 193$ as amended m INSTRUCTIONS. Each partner, officer, director, associate, employee, andagent of iarejpstrant is r^ unless he engages in no activities in furtherance of the interests of the registrant's forSgnTpri^^^ are in a secretarial, clerical, or in a related or similar capacity. Compliance:is accomplished by filing-;a^^ii.c^nIC'4!^.:^^:^8is^tion.stateinent at http://www.fara.gov. Privacy Act Statement. The filing of this document is required for the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended, 22 U.S.C. § 611 et.teq., for the purposes of registration under the Act and public disclosure. Provision of the information requested is mandatory, and failure to provide the information is subject to the penalty and enforcement provisions established in Section 8 of the Act. Every registration statement, short form registration statement, supplemental statement, exhibit, amendment, copy of informational materials or other document or information filed with the Attorney General under this Act is a public record open to public examination, inspection and copying during the posted business hours of the Registration Unit in Washington, DC. Statements are also available online at the Registration Unit's webpage: http://www.fara.gov. One copy of every such document, other than informational materials, is automatically provided to the Secretary of State pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Act, and copies of any and all documents are routinely made available to other agencies, departments and Congress pursuant to Section 6(c) of the Act. The Attorney General also transmits a semi-annual report to Congress on the administration of the Act which lists the names of all agents registered under the Act and the foreign principals they represent. This report is available to the public and online at: http://www.fara.gov. Public Reporting Burden. Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average .429 hours per response, including the time for reviewing instructions, searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the data needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this collection of information, including suggestions for reducing this burden to Chief, Registration Unit, Counterespionage Section, National Security Division, U.S. Department of Justice, Washington, DC 20530; and to the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, Washington, DC 20503. 1. Name Orasa Awutkom 2. Registration No. 2178 3. Residence Address(es) 225 South Reeves Ave. Beverly Hills, CA, 90212 Business :Address(es) 611 North LarchmontiBlvd. 1st Floor Los Angeles, CA 90004 5. Year of Birth 1958 Nationality Thai Present Citizenship Thai 6. If rrfesentcitizehsh.rJ)wus-rjot acquired by birth, indicate wheni and how acquired. 7. Occupation Assistant Director of the Tourism Authority of Thailand Los Angeles 8. What is the name and address of the primary registrant? Name Tourism Authority of Thailand Address 611 North Larchmpnt Blvd. 1st Floor Los Angeles. CA 90004 9. Indicate your connection with the primary registrant: Ł partner D director Ł officer Q associate El other (specify) Assistant Director Q employee 'Ł' agent Ł consultant Ł subcontractor 10. List every foreign principal to whom you will render services in support of the primary registrant. 11. Describe separately and in detail all services which you will render to the foreign principal(s) listed in Item 10 either directly, or through the primary registrant listed in Item 8, and the date(s) of such services. (If space is insufficient, a full insert page must be used) Formerly CRM-156 FORMNSD-6 Revised 03/11 Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 02/08/2013 6:11:53 PM Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 02/08/2013 6:11:53 PM VZ: Do any of the above described services inchideipplitic_ii actiy in the footnote below? yesQ, N6_3' Ifyes, describe separately and in detail such political activity; 13. fteservices described in Items 11;andll are tobe rendereclpri a _0 full timebasis ED part time basis: Ł spectalbasis 14. What compensation or things H Salary: Amount $ 6405.75 per triortth Q Commission at %.of D Salary: NotbasedsplelypnseMc^ D Fee;: Amount $: ;Ł Other'thirig of value_ 15. During the period beginning 60 days prior to the datespf your obiigatibhw register to the time of filing this statement, did you make any contributions lof money or omer^ connection withr any election to political office or is connection,with any primary election, convention, or caucus held to select candidates for any political office? Yes Q Np g_ Ifyes, furnish the following mfprmatibh: Date Amount or Thing of Value EpliticalOrganizationorCandidate Location of Event EXECUTION In. accordance with 28 U.S.C: § 1746, the undersigned swears or affirms under penalty of perjury that he/she has readthe information set forth in this regi'stratioh statement and that he/she is familiar with the contents thereof and that such contents are in their entirety true and accurate to the best of his/her knowledge and belief; ftV*,^-(Date of signature) (Signature) Footnote: Political activity as defined in Section .1 (o) of the Act means any activity whichihe person engaging in believes will, or that the person intends to. in any way influence any agency or official of the Government of the United States orany section of the public within the United States with reference to formulating, adopting, or changing the domestic or foreign policies of the United States or with reference to the political or public interests, policies, or relations of a government of a foreign country or a foreign political party Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 02/08/2013 6:11:53 PM 