U.! Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 05/29/2013 3:13:54 PM OMB NO. 1124-0005; Expires February 28,2014 .Department of Justice Washington, DC 20530 Short Form Registration Statement Pursuant to the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended INSTRUCTIONS. Each partner, officer, director, associate, employee, and agent of a registrant is required to file a short form registration statement unless he engages in no activities in furtherance ofthe interests ofthe registrant's foreign principal or unless the services he renders to the registrant are in a secretarial, clerical, or in a related or similar capacity. Compliance is accomplished by filing an electronic short form registration statement at http://www.fara.gov. Privacy Act Statement. The filing of this document is required for the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended, 22 U.S.C. § 611 et seq., for the purposes of registration under the Act and public disclosure. Provision ofthe information requested is mandatory, and failure to provide the information is subject to the penalty and enforcement provisions established in Section 8 ofthe Act. Every registration statement, short form registration statement, supplemental statement, exhibit, amendment, copy of informational materials or other document or information filed with the Attorney General under this Act is a public record open to public examination, inspection and copying during the posted business hours ofthe Registration Unit in Washington, DC. Statements are also available online at the Registration Unit's webpage: http://www.fara.gov. One copy of every such document, other than informational materials, is automatically provided to the Secretary of State pursuant to Section 6(b) ofthe Act, and copies of any and all documents are routinely made available to other agencies, departments and Congress pursuant to Section 6(c) ofthe Act. The Attorney General also transmits a semi-annual report to Congress on the administration ofthe Act which lists the names of all agents registered under the Act and the foreign principals they represent. This report is available to the public and online at: http://www.fara.gov. Public Reporting Burden. Public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average .429 hours per response, including the time for reviewing instructions, searching existing data sources, gathering and maintaining the data needed, and completing and reviewing the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this collection of information, including suggestions for reducing this burden to Chief, Registration Unit, Counterespionage Section, National Security Division, U.S. Department of Justice, Washington, DC 20530; and to the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, Washington, DC 20503. 1. Name Joseph Salvatore Calascione 2. Registration No. W? . Residence Address(es) 1035 N Monroe Street Arlington, VA 22201 4. Business Address(es) 1020 19th St., NW Suite 850 Washington, DC 20036 5. Year of Birth 1984 Nationality USA Present Citizenship USA 6. If present citizenship was not acquired by birth, indicate when, and how acquired. N/A 7. Occupation Regulatory Counsel 8. What is the name and address ofthe primary registrant? Name Deutsche Telekom, inc. 14 Wall street, Suite 6B Address New York, NY 10005 9. Indicate your connection with the primary registrant: Ł partner Ł director Ł officer Ł associate Ł other (specify) H employee Ł agent Ł consultant Ł subcontractor 10. List every foreign principal to whom you will render services in support ofthe primary registrant. Deutsche Telekom, Inc. 11. Describe separately and in detail all services which you will render to the foreign principal(s) listed in Item 10 either directly, or through the primary registrant listed in Item 8, and the date(s) of such services. (If space is insufficient, a full insert page must be used.) The undersigned supports the Managing Director of registrant and assists in monitoring and analyzing legislative actions, administrative policies and regulatory developments affecting the Foreign Principal's current and future business activities. Formerly CRM-156 Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 05/29/2013 3:13:54 PM FORM NSD-6 Revised 03/11 Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 05/29/2013 3:13:54 PM /» 12. Do any ofthe above described services include.political activity as defined in Section l(o) ofthe Act and in the footnote below? Yes H No D ^S^r ?SfflSS Ifyes, describe separately and in detail such political activity. The undersigned may communicate with US Government officials regarding US law, regulations, and policies affecting the telecommunications industry and the ability ofthe Foreign Principal to compete in that industry. 13. The services described in Items 11 and 12 are to be rendered on a H full time basis Ł part time basis Ł special basis 14. What compensation or thing of value have you received to date or will you receive for the above services? 13 Salary: Amounts per Ł Commission at %of Ł Salary: Not based solely on services rendered to the foreign principal(s). Ł Fee: Amount $ Ł Other thing of value 15. During the period beginning 60 days prior to the date of your obligation to register to the time of filing this statement, did you make any contributions of money or other things of value from your own funds or possessions and on your own behalf in connection with any election to political office or in connection with any primary election, convention, or caucus held to select candidates for any political office? Yes D No H Ifyes, furnish the following information: Date Amount or Thing of Value Political Organization or Candidate Location of Event EXECUTION In accordance with 28 U.S.C. § 1746, the undersigned swears or affirms under penalty of perjury that he/she has read the information set forth in this registration statement and that he/she is familiar with the contents thereof and that such contents are in their entirety true and accurate to the best of his/her knowledge and belief. May29,2013 Is/ Joseph SalvatoreCalascione Ł s eSigned (Date of signature) (Signature) Footnote: Political activity as defined in Section l(o) ofthe Act means any activity which the person engaging in believes will, or that the person intends to, in any way influence any agency or official ofthe Government ofthe United States or any section ofthe public within the United States with reference to formulating, adopting, or changing the domestic or foreign policies ofthe United States or with reference to the political or public interests, policies, or relations of a government of a foreign country or a foreign political party. Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 05/29/2013 3:13:54 PM 